Make key-features description more specific (#92)
exercism/docs: building/tracks/config-json.md

## Key features

> The language's key features succinctly describe what the most important features of the language are. They are meant to "sell" a language in a way, getting students interested in the language. Easily understandable titles are most beneficial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The language's key features succinctly describe what the most important features of the language are. 
They are intended to upsell the more interesting features of a language to potential students. 
Title's should aim to be quickly understandable with as little technical jargin as possible, bearing a mind a student may not understand the language features until they have learnt the language.
```

## Key features

The language's key features succinctly describe what the most important features of the language are. 
They are intended to upsell the more interesting features of a language to potential students. 

> Title's should aim to be quickly understandable with as little technical jargin as possible, bearing a mind a student may not understand the language features until they have learnt the language.

Reviewer 2: Maybe simplify this a bit to something like:

```suggestion
Titles should strive to use as little technical jargon as possible, bearing in mind that students might not be familiar with what language-specific jargon means before learning that language.
```
